you
shall the one who contends with the
almighty correct him
he who rebukes God let him answer it
Banjo answered the Lord behold I am vile
what shall I answer you I lay my hand
over my mouth
once I have spoken but I will not answer
yes twice but I will proceed no further
then the Lord answered job out of the
world
now prepare yourself like a man I will
question you and you shall answer me
would you indeed annul my judgment would
you condemn me that you may be justified
have you an arm like God can you Thunder
with a voice like his then adorn
yourself with majesty and splendor and
array ourselves with glory and beauty
disperse the rage of your breath look on
everyone who is proud and humble him
look on everyone who is proud and bring
him low tread down the wicked in their
place hide them in the dust together
bind their faces in hidden darkness then
I will also confess to you
but your own right hand can save
and look now at the Beermen which I made
along with you he eats grass like an ox
see now his strength is in his hips and
his power is in his stomach muscles he
moves his tail like a cedar the sinews
of his thighs are tightly knit his bones
are like beams of bronze his ribs like
bars of iron he is the first of the ways
of God only he who made him can bring
near his sword surely the mountains
yield food for him and all the beasts of
the field play them he lies under the
lotus trees in a covert of reeds and
marsh the lotus trees covered him with
their shade the Willows by the brook
surround him
indeed the river may rage yet he is not
disturbed he is confident though the
Jordan gushes into his mouth though he
takes it in his eyes
or one pierces his nose with a snare
[Music]